# Number Guesser Game
A simple Java console-based game where the player tries to guess a random number generated by the computer.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
## Description
The `NumberGuesser` program is a basic number guessing game implemented in Java. It allows the player to guess a random number generated by the computer. The player has a limited number of attempts to guess the correct number. After each guess, the program provides feedback to help the player adjust their subsequent guesses.
## How to Play
1. Run the Java program.
2. The program will generate a random number between 1 and 100.
3. You have a maximum of 5 attempts to guess the correct number.
4. After each guess, the program will provide feedback on whether the guess was too high, too low, or close to the correct number.
5. If you guess the correct number within the allowed attempts, you win the round and your score increases by 1.
6. If you don't guess the correct number within the allowed attempts, the program will reveal the correct number and the round is considered a loss.
7. You can choose to play multiple rounds in a row by entering 'yes' when prompted.
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your system.
### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
 https://github.com/MylHere/NumberGuesserGame

2. Compile the Java source code:
javac NumberGuesser.java

## Usage

1. Run the compiled Java program:
java NumberGuesser
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to play the game.
3. After each round, you will be asked if you want to play again. Enter 'yes' or 'no' accordingly.
4. Once you decide to stop playing, the program will display your score and a thank you message.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or want to improve the game, feel free to create a pull request.


## Acknowledgements

- The game logic and structure were developed by Mubeen Akhter.
- This project was inspired by simple number guessing games.


